Adding script to issue an upload an X.509 V3 certificate to the Key Master (#1)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-example-scripts: v3-certificate/README.md

# X.509 V3 Certificate Generator

> This sample script automatically generates an X.509 V3 Certificate using RSA and uploads it to the [Key Master](https://fusionauth.io/docs/v1/tech/core-concepts/key-master) in your FusionAuth instance.

Reviewer: I'd add a note about why you might use this script. The reason is that if you use FusionAuth's generate functionality, it will only be a v2 certificate, right?

Author: Right! Done

> 

Reviewer: Add a prereqs section (openssl, jq, etc).

> ### Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

> Create an [API Key](https://fusionauth.io/docs/v1/tech/apis/authentication#api-key-authentication) in your FusionAuth instance that allows POSTing to `/api/key/import` and run `generate-certificate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create an [API Key](https://fusionauth.io/docs/v1/tech/apis/authentication#api-key-authentication) in your FusionAuth instance that has permission to `POST` to `/api/key/import`
* Run `generate-certificate`.
```

> It will ask for three values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will ask for three values:
```

# X.509 v3 Certificate Generator

This sample script automatically generates an X.509 v3 Certificate using RSA and uploads it to the [Key Master](https://fusionauth.io/docs/v1/tech/core-concepts/key-master) in your FusionAuth instance. You can use this tool when doing integration with other services that require this specific version as the [Key Master](https://fusionauth.io/docs/v1/tech/core-concepts/key-master) uses a different one.

## Prerequisites

- [bash](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/) to run the script

> - [openssl](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) to issue certificates

Reviewer: jq and openssl are switched around.

Author: Fixed. Sorry about that.
